Dallas took Pambi money, of course.
No brother, what he did was lose. He hasn't
made any move that made him
money. No sir, none of us. We reached
the historic night, which was the night
of the announcement, but when it was almost at the
end of the premiere, it started to fall. It was
a night that had to be historic and
finally it became the biggest cause of
funa that
Dallas has had in recent years.
The price of the token could have been supported if we
had liquidated more. What happens is
that people understand that selling is
equal to putting money in my pocket
as a developer. Generally, the
crypto bro, the person who knows about
crypto knows that the announcement always
sells. I saw a fall coming, but not
so abruptly. I have the Bitmar account here
with 35 million tokens, which was what
those $ 1,000 that
we had were spent on to pay the
people who sold on Bitmar, 35 million
tokens, which is 114,000 bucks. Exactly
what was bought in sales, I mean, I
can show it to you. If you can show it, you can
see 26